bpo-26175: Implement `io.IOBase` interface for `SpooledTemporaryFile` (#29560)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-11-14-01-35-04.bpo-26175.LNlOfI.rst

> Fully implement the :class:`io.BufferedIOBase` and :class:`io.TextIOBase`
> interfaces for :class:`tempfile.SpooledTemporaryFile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fully implement the :class:`io.BufferedIOBase` or :class:`io.TextIOBase`
interface for :class:`tempfile.SpooledTemporaryFile` objects.  This lets
them work correctly with higher-level layers (like compression modules).
```

Fully implement the :class:`io.BufferedIOBase` or :class:`io.TextIOBase`
interface for :class:`tempfile.SpooledTemporaryFile` objects. This lets

> them work correctly with higher-level layers (like compression modules).

Reviewer: We should add `Patch by Carey Metcalfe` and add your name to Misc/ACKS
